 E-commerce and Internet.

1.)The internet has changed the way people conduct businesses in the world, the internet has enabled people to pass information freely from one point to another. This means that people can easily access information that was previously restricted to a small group of people. Indeed, the information age has brought about some advantages as well as disadvantages.

2.)Many businesses are able to conduct business online meaning that the society has been transformed from an industrial society to an information society. Industrial revolution was achieved through the process of industrialization where companies concentrated on producing goods and services for the market. In the current society, the economy is base on manipulation of important information.

3.)Therefore, it can be observed that the internet has shaped modern society by enhancing swift large-scale communications and networking. In fact, the world today is a global village implying that goods and services are to be produced and consumed almost at the same time, irrespective of geographical distances. Introduction of World Wide Web in 1989 changed the way people conduct businesses.

4.)The internet has taken over other mediums of conducting businesses mainly because of its effectiveness and efficiency. This paper will therefore analyze the strengths of the internet in conducting business in society. The paper underscores the fact that new technology is not accurate. For that reason, it has some weaknesses that will also be addressed. However, the paper concludes by asserting that ecommerce is advantageous.

5.)It is true that many people have acquired goods through the internet, especially in the third world. Small businesses use the internet as virtual market (imaginary market). Customers can view the details of goods and services before making orders or inquiries. This has improved small businesses since customers can easily use their computers to link up with sellers in the market and also this gives small businesses a chance to compete effectively in the market. Small businesses may actually utilize internet services to grow financially. Furthermore, a business may perhaps cut the costs of advertising and marketing by creating a website. The firm saves resources that could be wasted on fliers and newspaper advertising.

                                   *** Additional Information.***

Another advantage of the internet is that a firm has access to large customer base. A firm may access customers all over the world. The internet allows small firms to exchange ideas and share opinions as regards to market demands. As Jones, Borgman, and Ulusoy (2) remark, small firms can actually open emails and paperless fax accounts

It should be noted that while the internet improves the way people conduct business, it has some shortcomings. Customers are the most affected because fraudsters may exploit the clients using dubious online companies. Many people have been deprived of their resources thinking that they are dealing with genuine companies. Customers should therefore be aware of fraudsters.

Production of goods and services is becoming more information-intensive. Furthermore, the economy is becoming less labor and capital demanding. All these are attributable to globalization, which is the product of information age (2). Workers are becoming more productive in their fields.

This is an advantage to small business firms because they are able to employ and sustain a competent workforce that would drive the firm to its success. Conversely, the value of workers is ever decreasing because of globalization. The workforce is easy to acquire as compared to the industrial age when companies had deficits in labor.

Financial analysts suggest that the value of capital is decreasing at a high rate. Before the internet age, capital was a determining factor in business (1). Those with huge sums of money could successfully invest in prestigious ventures such as real estate. Such individuals could also capture the best personnel.

Due to the internet, it is possible for small firms to establish successful investments, with little capital. This means that capital is no longer a determining factor in investment. On the other hand, mechanization and computerization has led to high efficiency as well as unemployment. Small firms can take advantage of this to expand.

From the above analysis, it can be concluded that the use of virtual storefront would be easier as opposed to operating within the local community. In the community, only limited number of customers is accessed. Opening a virtual storefront would expose the business to various customers. It is not surprising that the business can even sell products abroad because many people access the virtual store across the globe.

Apart from establishing a customer base, opening a virtual store would also help the firm in reducing competition. Other small firms may not compete favorably, especially when they do not have the virtual store. In society, people have embraced technology fully. This means that people use the internet in doing everything.

Ecommerce on Healthcare Sector

The healthcare industry, with more than one trillion dollars in revenue, accounts for about one￾seventh of the U.S. economy. A significant portion of this revenue is lost to escalating healthcare
system costs. This article examines the shortcomings of the traditional healthcare delivery system in
terms of information flow, communication standards, case collections, and IT spending. It makes the
case that e-commerce has the ability to transact some healthcare business more efficiently and cost￾effectively. With the Internet as a delivery platform, several models offer improvement over the status
quo.
The Internet has created both opportunities and threats that providers of all stripes must eventually
confront to remain viable businesses in the new economy. Although business-to-business (B2B)
innovations offer great hope in reducing costs and providing other efficiencies, electronically
connecting with patients is a particularly challenging frontier where technical hurdles are generally
exceeded by political, legal, workflow, and other barriers. However, the rise of consumerism compels
a response—one focused on the needs and demands of the patient.
Consumerism has been building for several years. It represents a subtle shift from selling to buying in
the economy. Informed consumers are largely in charge of an increasing number of transactions and
acts, according to their perceived needs. This is especially evident with commodities; the layers of
organization between manufacturers and consumers have been reduced to the absolute minimum,
with a thinning overall margin. Conducting such transactions over the Internet exposes consumers to
new ways of communicating with purveyors of products and services, e-mail being a simple but stand￾out example.
These experiences are shaping consumer expectations, which are spilling over to healthcare, albeit
slowly and with continuing debate. Changes in consumer attitudes have been fueled by the increasing
access and availability of information, again, as a result of the Internet. In healthcare, informed
consumers are both better enabled and are demanding to be more involved with decision making that
involves their health or that of loved ones. Very often the impetus is a life-threatening or serious
illness when information—from any source—is of vital interest.
Day in and day out, however, simple conveniences and respect for precious time are potentially more
relevant as patient satisfiers. Why should it take half a day of inconvenience for ten minutes of
service? Few have that kind of time today, and wasting time is offensive, even to those who do. How
should providers respond? Where should initiatives be focused, and what are the critical components
of success? Are the underlying business models of various market solutions financially sound? Will
they endure and grow? How will personal health records factor into solutions? Who will “own” those
data, and who will be charged with the responsibility for managing them? Unfortunately, the answers
to these questions are anything but clear.
Nevertheless, the possibilities of current technology and successes in industries other than healthcare
are, along with consumerism, a collective and serious call to action. Such has been suggested
elsewhere. Providers must overcome fear, procrastination, need for perfection, and searches for the
“killer app,” as delay itself has its own set of risks.In the short run, response is a matter of getting
started to overcome inertia and uncertainty. One must conclude that there is a critical mass of
motivating factors, recognize the real disadvantages of the status quo, and set about a sensible
course of action.
In the long run, it’s truly business survival that has an impact on traditional economic measures of
revenue, costs, and market share. However, the ultimate by-products of these activities may be of
greater importance, including an evolving electronic infrastructure for healthcare information, secure
longitudinal medical records, comprehensive disease management, wellness, and an increased
responsibility for health placed on the patient. Healthcare e-commerce involves transactions and the
exchange of information among vendors, hospitals, insurance agencies, state and federal regulators,
and doctors’ offices.
Patients, the end consumers, are not directly involved. Forrester Research estimates that by 2004,
$2.7 trillion worth of business, accounting for 17 percent of the total economy, will be conducted via
B2B e-commerce. The B2B on-line healthcare market is estimated to rise in value from $6 billion in
1999 to $348 billion in 2004, making it one-sixth of the overall trade in the healthcare industry.63The
primary emphasis of B2B e-commerce is on the supply chain. B2B strives to accomplish three goals:
improve efficiency, reduce transaction costs, and provide real-time information to all concerned.
Efficiencies are improved typically by simplifying the delivery of health-care. Multilayer approvals are
abolished and replaced by simpler and faster ones by using artificial intelligence technologies.
Inventories are better managed and tracked by locating them centrally and sharing information on
usage and future demands. Proactively managing illnesses and implementing preventive health
maintenance measures helps avoid prolonged hospital stays. For instance, ePhysician.com allows
physicians to write prescriptions online using palm tops. Physicians can interact with clinical systems
not just to write prescriptions but to order lab tests and view patient information. Vendors such as
Claimsnet.com allow providers to submit claims online to payers; it uses only one standard for claims
submission.
As an example of order processing, e-commerce would enable the healthcare provider to swipe a
client’s health insurance fund membership card on a dialup terminal, enter the appropriate data, and
immediately receive payments for the fund’s contribution to the service provided; the client then pays
the balance. Reduction in transaction costs occurs by reducing the costs of executing purchase
orders with vendors, reducing the costs of payment of goods and services, and reducing the cost of
transfer of vital information. These are all generally accomplished by pooling together the requests of
different departments or groups to qualify for quantity receiving discounts, getting the latest pricing
information, and using the Internet to process all transactions.
Agreement of companies like empactHealth.com with Health Management Associates (HMA) and
Columbia/HCA that exclusively use the empactHealth.com’s online requisitioning, ordering, and
purchasing network for all medical and nonmedical supplies and services, is an example of this. B2C
healthcare e-commerce is an electronic marketplace designed to inform healthcare users about
medical products and services.
The ultimate objective of B2C e-commerce is to either save future treatment costs by better educating
users or generate revenues through sales of products and services. Among the changes sweeping
B2C healthcare e-commerce is the blending of on-line customer service and a friendly voice on the
phone; this is, in fact, occurring on the Web. Voice-over–net Protocol gives customers the opportunity
to connect with service representative’s right over the phone. Nine-to-five (9/5) days are slated to be
replaced by service twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week (24/7).
20To achieve its objectives, B2C e-commerce relies on creating attractive sites with easy-to-execute
purchase transactions, organizing electronic discussion forums or chat groups, and providing privacy
features to guard against theft of personal information. For instance, Portland’s e-health companies in
the Sapient Health Network (now a part of Healtheon/WebMD) used the Internet as a forum visited by
patients, doctors, nurses, and therapists for research and information sharing. Its next proposal is to
electronically link patients with data from doctors, pharmacies, health plans, laboratories, hospitals,
and alternative medical practitioners. The goal of these endeavors is to help improve customer
satisfaction, enhance the quality of care, and reduce healthcare costs.
Another example of B2C e-commerce is insurance shopping on the Web. As increasing number of
employers are leaning toward “defined contribution” plans that give workers the right to assume
responsibility for their own healthcare, with the employer contributing a preset amount, workers are
scouring the Web looking for the best deals. The Web traffic for online insurance shopping is getting a
boost from self-employed people, part-time workers, and small business owners.

Social Media Effectively for E-Commerce

Today, social media defrayment makes up low fraction of most business’ promoting budget. On
average, social media defrayment accounted for simply Sep 11 of the general budget. However that
range is projected to expand to just about twenty second within the next 5 years. Clearly, ecommerce
marketers acknowledge the ability of social media to attach with associate degree audience.
Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram square measure nearly omnipresent in our lives. They’re
just like the 21st-Century Main Street; we have a tendency to use them to speak, realize info quickly,
and progressively, to buy for merchandise. For internet businesses, effective social promoting
represents real price. Social networks provide new ways in which to achieve first-time customers,
interact and reward existing customers, and showcase the simplest your whole should provide. Your
social network profiles and also the content you share square measure as necessary as a business’
front aggregation and displays within the Nineteen Fifties. Why? Social networks square measure
evolving from simply places to seek out and distribute content; they’re turning into commerce portals.
Businesses that integrate social media into their promoting strategy – from client acquisition, to sales,
to re-engagement campaigns – can profit. Here square measure a couple of ways in which
ecommerce businesses will maximize their social promoting efforts: to seek out and have interaction
Customers Go wherever your customers square measure. It’s a promoting maxim, and it’s ne'er been
easier to accomplish than these days. There square measure many various ways in which social
media will improve the method you act with customers, whether or not they’re first-time patrons or
loyal fans. Here square measure a couple of examples: client Research: Marketers will see in time
period what your audience cares regarding most, their interests, the conversations they’re having and
what they like. Use your social networks to higher section audience and perceive your target
demographics. This can assist you optimize your campaigns and deliver additional targeted electronic
messaging. Client Service Immediacy is massive in social media; need we would like we wish info
and that we want it currently. That’s why networks square measure so nice for client service. They
permit businesses to quickly reply to client inquiries. Plus, social media makes it easier to identify and
reply to unpleasant client experiences. Develop a technique for responding to client inquiries via
social media. Client Acquisition: Your social profile is absolutely your front. Customer’s Square
measure currently Victimization social networks to analysis firms and merchandise. Your Yelp,
Facebook, LinkedIn and different social pages offer the right chance to form a long-lasting
impression. Begin by optimizing your profiles and creating necessary info easy-to-find. Also,
encourage your existing customers to review your company on Facebook, Google, or Yelp. Client
Engagement; don’t think about social media as in a different way to get sales and drive traffic. Use
these platforms to demonstrate price and validate your promoting efforts. Take a glance at the
camera maker terribly seldom is will the corporate share content that's designed to sell product.
Instead, their posts highlight the simplest quality videos and footage taken on their cameras, and that
they effectively showcase the whole. Develop a social content strategy that's designed to spotlight the
simplest, most original, most stunning issue regarding your whole. And keep in mind you don’t have
to be intimate all yourself; curation will be a particularly valuable tool. Paid Advertising improvement
the times of free promoting on social sites square measure numbered. Facebook, Twitter and
LinkedIn have all created paid advertising an additional necessary a part of their businesses, and
ecommerce marketers can doubtless get to increase their paid advertising spends to achieve a
similar audience. There square measure some benefits to paid advertising on social networks:
simpler Segmenting: Think regarding it: Facebook and LinkedIn have created it abundant, abundant
easier for marketers to focus on client segments, by age, location, interests, job title and far
additional. Video advertising is turning into additional subtle. There square measure a couple of
reasons for this. First, video is incredible thanks to showcase your product. Customers square
measure researching the merchandise they purchase on-line additional totally of late, associate
degreed video provides an interactive thanks to see these merchandise in action before they
purchase. In addition, video is way additional partaking than text, and once your audience is
additional engaged, conversion follows. additional correct social knowledge analytics; variety of
technical school firms square measure creating merchandise that modify marketers to live each facet
of their social campaigns – from top-performing networks, to the kinds of social content that works,
and also the actions that customers take. These types of social knowledge analytics tools build it
easier for ecommerce marketers to tie social campaigns to results. To higher Distribute Content; it’s
been same that each whole may be a publisher and these days, anyone with a web association and a
social profile may be a publisher. Take a glance at Starbucks, the occasional company. They don’t
simply sell coffee; Starbucks is associate degree Instagram rock-star, mutually of the most-followed
brands on the location. Today, it’s very straightforward for businesses to get content and distribute it
on to their audiences. We are able to verify GoPro once more. They use turn out and pastor
additional effectively than most on the GoPro Channel. The channel options videos shot on the
brand’s camera, each by amateurs and also the GoPro team. This content is shareable, engaging,
and creates unbelievable whole visibility. Then, on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, the corporate
has engineered up a stellar following. Of course, it’s easier to share associate degree extreme sports
video than, say, an image of vitamins, however social networks open up endless opportunities to
distribute content. Use your social networks to showcase your whole and distribute the simplest, most
partaking blogs, photos, videos, infographics, and transmission you'll turn out. If one kind of content
doesn’t work for your niche, appreciate vitamins and nutrients, then perhaps an incredible infographic
is that the thanks to go. Realize the content that best matches your niche. Plus, content curation –
finding the foremost helpful or fascinating content on a selected topic – creates price to your potential
audience. Here’s associate degree example from the Shopify journal. STORQ, a corporation that sells
trendy garments to expecting mothers, curates content concerning gestation. Their newsletters
produce real price for his or her target market. By victimization curation, your business adds price,
and provides potential customers one more reason to follow your whole. Staying sooner than the
Curve It’s a brave new world in promoting. ne'er has it been easier to achieve associate degree
audience. however as Facebook grows, the deluge of content we have a tendency to see is off the
charts. There’s very a necessity these days for smarter, additional targeted social promoting methods.
Staying sooner than the curve suggests that experimenting with the method you act with customers,
advertise and publish content. the net makes it easier to check, optimize and check once more. And
now, the newest technology, like social analytics and content publication tools, have place marketers
in an exceedingly position to really live their social promoting reach.




